ok if a file have two css links which one will it follow ?
the answer is it will apply styles and  will find thise styles in both files 
it will take it from anywhere it finds it  . 


[class*="col-"] {
    padding: 0 15px;
} - what does it means in css ?
The CSS selector [class*="col-"] is using an attribute selector with the * operator. It selects any element that has a class attribute containing a substring "col-".




if i am making a website is it recommended to use links fo font-styles   or  is it more safer to download that style and make a seperate folder for it  and then make links from it ?

When it comes to using fonts in a website, there are a few considerations to keep in mind, and the choice between using links (via a content delivery network or CDN) and downloading the font files to host them locally depends on your specific needs and preferences. Here are some factors to consider:
Using Links (CDN):
Convenience: Linking to fonts via a CDN (such as Google Fonts or Adobe Fonts) is convenient because it doesn't require you to download and host font files on your server. You can quickly access a wide range of fonts by adding a few lines of code to your HTML/CSS.
Updates and Maintenance: CDNs typically handle updates and maintenance of fonts. When the font provider updates a font, your website automatically benefits from the improvements without any manual intervention.
Performance: CDNs are optimized for speed and reliability. Fonts served from reputable CDNs are likely to load quickly and efficiently for your users.
Downloading and Hosting Locally
Control: Hosting fonts locally gives you more control over the font files. You can customize the font files or serve different font formats based on browser compatibility.
Privacy: If you have privacy concerns or need to comply with data protection regulations, hosting fonts locally can provide more control over user data as the font requests won't be routed through a third-party CDN.
Offline Usage: If your website needs to work offline or in environments with restricted internet access, hosting fonts locally ensures that the fonts are available even when there's no internet connection.
Reduced External Dependencies: Hosting fonts locally reduces external dependencies, which can be beneficial for security and reliability.
In practice, many websites use a combination of both approaches. They may link to popular fonts via CDNs for common styles but host custom or less common fonts locally for specific design requirements.
Ultimately, the choice between linking to fonts via a CDN and hosting them locally depends on your project's specific requirements, your preference for control and privacy, and your performance considerations. There's no one-size-fits-all answer, so you should evaluate your project's needs and make an informed decision based on those factors.



@font-face {
    font-family: MyriadProCondensed;
    src: url(./fonts/MyriadProCondensed/MyriadProCondensed.ttf);
}
@font-face {
    font-family: BerlinSansFBDemiBold;
    src: url(./fonts/BerlinSansFBDemiBold/BerlinSansFBDemiBold.ttf);
}





